Welcome! Lost, are we?
Did you accidentally click that link?
Don’t worry, this isn’t an AI-generated page.
Nope, definitely not AI here.
You can check out talk.txt in the Git repo.
Oh, you missed the Git link above? No biggie.
It’s fine; there was another link for the portfolio, too.
Yes, the cat is repetitive, just like these texts.
Instead of reading this, you could be doing something productive.
All this sarcasm? Inspired by The Stanley Parable.
Don’t know it? Didn’t think so.
Look at you, finding your way to my site.
Congratulations on stumbling across my site. Truly impressive.
Oh, you’re still here? Someone must really love sarcasm.
Feel free to stay as long as you like. I’ll pretend I’m thrilled.
And yes, the text is changing colors.
Because who doesn’t love a bit of extra visual chaos?
I’m so glad you’re here, said no one ever.
Another page visit? I’m on a roll!
Welcome to my site. Don’t expect too much.
If you’re looking for groundbreaking content, you might want to keep looking.
Oh, you clicked again. How adventurous of you.
Just in case you forgot, I’m still not AI.
If you’re wondering about my portfolio, it’s somewhere around here—probably.
Thanks for visiting. I’m here all week, unfortunately.
Keep scrolling. It’s not like you have anything better to do.
I’m delighted to have another visitor. No, really, I am.
Did you think this site was going to be revolutionary? Spoiler: it’s not.
Another click? You must really be bored.
Yes, the cat is here again. It’s like déjà vu but with more fur.
Oh, I have an Asia Book of Records. But don’t worry, I’m not here to brag.
Many certifications? Yeah, but who’s counting? Oh right, I am.
The learning Git repo is here to save you from paying for your education. You’re welcome.
Check out the thanks bar below. It’s my way of pretending to be grateful for the sources I used.
I’m a data engineer. Yes, that means I understand data. Shocking, I know.
Adventure traveling and gaming? Clearly, I’ve got my priorities straight.
I’m not saying I’m amazing, but did I mention the Asia Book of Records? Just a casual note.
Got certifications galore. Still working on getting one for ‘Best Humble Brag’ though.
Feel free to use the learning Git repo. It’s not like I’m hoarding all the knowledge for myself.
There’s a thanks bar below. It’s like a trophy for my internet research.
Oh, another visitor. How unique.
Rotate your screen? No problem if it’s big enough—767px is the magic number
Yes, I love adventure traveling and gaming. Because who needs a boring life, right?
The thanks bar below is my subtle way of acknowledging that I didn’t invent the internet.
I’m a data engineer, which means I can make sense of numbers. And yes, I do it with style.
Check out my certifications. They’re just hanging around, collecting dust like trophies.
Oh, and thanks to Amruth Krishna G (AKG) for helping with the website. He’s not in the thanks section, though.
I’m not here to boast about my record or certifications. But if you insist on asking…
The learning Git repo is free, just like my attempts at being humble.
I love adventure traveling and gaming. Clearly, I’m on a quest to find new ways to procrastinate.
Thanks to the sources below. I’m totally not exaggerating their impact on my work.
If you’re impressed by my certifications, just wait until you hear about my epic gaming skills.
I may be a data engineer with an Asia Book of Records, but I still can’t figure out my Wi-Fi sometimes.
Thanks to ChatGPT and Google for their contributions. 
You’ve made it this far. I applaud your dedication.
Zoom in and the cat’s a no-show. Classic Easter egg!
Oh, you found the Easter egg already? Guess you’re really paying attention!
It’s almost like I’m controlling your actions with this static text. Impressive, right?